Updating Readme to add info on namespaced controllers (#339)
merit-gem/merit: README.md

grant_on ['users#create', 'users#update'], badge: 'autobiographer', temporary: true do |user|
  user.name? && user.email?
end

> # If your controller is under a namespace other than root (example: Api::ModelController) then for merit to find your object automatically, you must specify the model class and not forget that your action is of the form namespace/models#action 
> # Here the Post model belong_to :user which has_many :posts so that the relation post.user exists (to: :user) and we can then access the metric of interest (.user.posts.count)
> 
> grant_on 'api/posts#create', badge: 'first-post', model_name: 'Post', to: :user do |post|
>     post.user.posts.count >= 1
> end
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your controller is under a namespace other than root (example:
`Api::ModelController`) then for merit to find your object automatically you
must specify the model class and not forget that your action is of the form
`namespace/models#action`.

See an example of a `Post` model that belongs to user:

```ruby
grant_on 'api/posts#create', badge: 'first-post', model_name: 'Post', to: :user do |post|
  post.user.posts.count >= 1
end
```
```
